# Empire of Stars

A little map for Dungeon Siege: Legends of Aranna.

\- ANCIENT ALIENS -\
Discover the Real Truth about the Empire of *STARS*!

On this map, you discover that the ancient Empire of Stars was actually an interstellar civilization, connecting distant star systems with powerful teleporters. Travel to other planets, meet lost parts of the Empire, find your missing aunt, and search for a way back home!

FOSS, CC-BY-SA.

With help & content from: 
- Eksevis & Sadowson from DS Discord,
- Kathy CF & Bare Elf from Siege The Day,
- Maps & resources from the original game and Project Britannia.

## Release 0.5: Droog Origins

This release includes Alpha Centauri, Vega, Betelgeuse and Altair from the 0.4 release and several new regions:
- The arid shrubland of Rigel-Geb.\
  Meet the Droog on planet Geb of Rigel and search the ancient pyramid out in the endless shrubland.
- The wetlands of Rigel-Ixchel.\
  Meet the other race of Droog on planet Ixchel of Rigel, which is blessed with an abundance of water.
- The dark jungle moon of Vega, inhabited by Hassat.

Miscellaneous:
- The endless shrubland was autogenerated (dunes terrain, plants & enemies).
- New enemies were made for the new Vega moon as well as both planets of Rigel (simple re-textures & re-stats).
- New terrain nodes were added for the wetlands of Ixchel (jungle re-textures of swamp nodes).
- Race of green wetland Droog was added.
- Additions to the Astral item set: sword, bow, amulet, hat & shoes - now 16 items altogether.
- More small changes, of course.
- Did you know that Rigel, not Betelgeuse, is the brightest star of Orion? The designation of Betelgeuse as Alpha Orionis is incorrect, Rigel deserves this title!
